improve the help documents (#132)
kubernetes-sigs/kwok: docs/contributing/development.md

# Development

This document provides details on how to build and run `kwok` and `kwokctl` locally.

## Building

### Building `kwok` and `kwokctl`

``` bash
make build
```

> Once successfully built, the binaries will be located in `./bin/$(go env GOOS)/$(go env GOARCH)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a successful build, the binaries will be located in `./bin/$(go env GOOS)/$(go env GOARCH)`
```
